
			
			HIPPI Switch Utilities

These are a set of utilities designed for setting up and managing a HIPPI
network. The utilities use a configuration file describing the HIPPI LAN
to offer the following services:

	- Generate configuration files that setup logical addresses on
		the HIPPI switches (as per RFC 1374).

	- Generate configuration files for hosts on the LAN.

	- A daemon that connects to all switches via telnet and offers
		a combined interface too them. It also monitors the
		switches for unexpected output.

	- Computation of source routes.


Systems supported:
	All utilities are current tested on a Sun Sparcstation running
	4.1.2. I don't know of any reason they won't work on any
	decent Unix box, but I sure there's something.

See INSTALLATION for building and installation instructions.


Description of Utilities:


hippiswd

This program is designed to run as a daemon.  It connects to the
switches on the network and logs any unexpected output from them to
the file "hippiswd.log" in this directory.  In addition, it listens
on a TCP socket. hippisw client programs can connect and send commands
to the switches. Switch responses are sent back to the client. Logging
of all transactions is available.


hippisw

This is the client program for hippiswd.  It is used to connect to
hippiswd and send commands to the HIPPI switches. It enforces flow
control as to not overrun the buffers on the switch. It can take
interactive input, input from a file, or piped input.


mksw

A program which reads the switch configuration file and outputs a 
file of commands to set logical address to physical port mappings
in the HIPPI switches. By default it assigns logical addresses as
specified by RFC 1374. Different addressing schemes may be used
and independent addresses may also be assigned.

Additionally if a tester is configured on the HIPPI network mksw will
set up a loopback address for each switch. This address (which is in
the form of 0xf## where ## is the switch number) will route any
connection to a switch and then back from the switch to the tester.
It's intended purposed is for connectivity testing.

Switches supported:
	Avaika/IOSC 4x4 and 8x8, Essential ES-1, Netstar Cluster
	Switch, NSC PS-32


harp

This program generates HIPPI ARP tables for various architectures as
well as an /etc/hosts format.

Hosts supported:
	SGI, Cray, Convex, NSC DXE HIPPI/FDDI router


ifield

This program returns logical addresses for given hosts and will also
calculate source routes given a path on the network.

Von Welch (vwelch@ncsa.uiuc.edu)
